alright guys I started by applying the
next skin tone eyeshadow base all over
and then the white milk on top this
right here is a wet and wild eyeshadow
called brulee that is going to be my
brow bone color my transition color here
is textured by mac almost my same skins
home and i'm just putting that into my
crease area
and now i'm taking this purple number 92
by Makeup Forever and I'm going to go
ahead and carve out the shape of my
crease and guys this really took some
time and patience so you don't have to
rush through it and I'm just creating
the shape now I'm making it kind of
intervie as you can see I'm taking it
into my crease dragging it out into the
corners of my eyes and then blending it
down I'm just under my lash line in the
corner there and now i'm using a fluffy
blending brush and I'm just going around
the edges of that purple and I'm just
blending it out now i'm using the
wedding wild blue had me at hello and
then matte black just putting that into
the corner of my eyes and blending it
with the purple
so as you can see I'm overlapping that
color and I'm blending this look
requires a lot of blending guy so just
be patient and I'm going back and I'm
putting some more purple just to make
sure that I don't lose the color now i'm
using that beautiful blue out of the
same palette and I'm going to put that
all over my lid leaving the inner
portion of my eyes open for that yellow
and I'm being very careful not to take
this go into the crease I'm only putting
it on my mobile lid and I'm blending it
in with that black now as you can see
going back with my purple and blending
some more now i'm taking chrome yellow
by mac and i'm just going to go ahead
and cover the rest of the white
eyeshadow think that in the corners of
my eyes and bringing it down to the
inner corners of my lower lash line
and a part of a yellow color I'm also
blending some blending up as well this
is a blue I'm sorry turquoise eyeliner
by Urban Decay's wonder 24-7 eyeliners
can't remember the name of it but I'm
having a description box below just
putting that on my lower lash line I'm
taking that turquoise and I'm applying
that right on top and I don't show this
in the video but I do go back with the
colors on my bottom lower lashline and I
blend the lash line is well and now I
went back and I got their purple and
this is where I'm adding the drama's
under my lower lash line now to make
this more wearable you can just skip
this part or you can just not bring it
down as far as I did and I'm taking that
all the way across my lower lash line
this lip liner is prone by Nick I'm just
lining my lips this is a Make Up For
Ever lipsticks number 15 a beautiful
beautiful purple
okay and now to create an ombre look I'm
going to take Nikki number two which is
nice lavender lipstick from Mac I'm
going to put that in the center of my
lips and blend by rolling my lips
together now I'm going to take a black
eyeliner and I'm just flew in the
corners of my lips to give some more
definition and once i'm done with that
i'm going to pop some clear lip gloss on
top of it and then i'll be done so here
is the final look this was inspired by
Houston's wacky wacky weather I hope you
guys enjoy it don't forget to check the
description box for all the products
used and all of my social media websites
check out smile bright if you guys want
a beautiful smile promo code in the
description box below